A former Twitter employee told the House committee investigating the January 6 insurrection that the company considered imposing a stricter content moderation policy following a September 2020 comment by then-President Donald Trump telling the right-wing extremist group the Proud Boys to "stand back and stand by."
Trump's comment to the Proud Boys came during a 2020 presidential debate, after Joe Biden called for Trump to condemn the group. "Proud Boys, stand back and stand by," Trump said, adding that, "somebody has to do something about Antifa and the left because this is not a right-wing problem, this is a left-wing."
The former Twitter (TWTR) employee, who was on the company's content moderation team through 2020 and 2021, according to the committee, said their "concern was that the former President, for seemingly the first time, was speaking directly to extremist organizations and giving them directives," according to an interview aired during the House committee hearing Tuesday. Twitter did not end up imposing the policy — the details of which were not shared during the hearing — following Trump's comment, the employee said.

In their interview with the committee, the Twitter employee said that while the company was worried about Trump using the platform to talk to people who could incite violence, Twitter "relished in the knowledge that they were also the favorite and most used service of the former President and enjoyed having that sort of power."
"If former President Donald Trump were any other user on Twitter, he would have been permanently suspended a very long time ago," the employee said.
"We are clear-eyed about our role in the broader information ecosystem in regards to the January 6th attack on the US Capitol, and while we continue to examine how we can improve moving forward, the fact remains that we took unprecedented steps and invested significant resources to prepare for and respond to the threats that emerged during the 2020 US election," Twitter Vice President of Public Policy for the Americas Jessica Herrera-Flanigan said in a statement, adding that the company is engaging directly with the House committee.
Herrera-Flanigan added that Twitter "deployed numerous policy and product interventions to protect the public conversation" before and after the 2020 election, and said that on January 6 the company "leveraged the systems we had built leading up to the election to respond to the unprecedented attack in real-time."

Twitter designated the Proud Boys and the Oath Keepers as violent extremist groups in July 2018 and September 2020, respectively, and says it has permanently suspended accounts associated with the groups in line with its policy prohibiting violent organizations, according to a company spokesperson. The spokesperson added that many of the groups and individuals responsible for organizing the January 6 insurrection had been suspended from Twitter prior to the attack.
Among its efforts following the 2020 election, Twitter's teams began in December 2020 observing tweets about a large protest in Washington, DC, set for January 6, and started monitoring related content, taking action against election misinformation, references to "last stands" and few direct violent threats, according to the company.
As for Trump, after saying in 2019 it would place a disclaimer on tweets by world leaders that broke its rules but are in the "public interest," Twitter began in May 2020 labeling some tweets by the then-President as "potentially misleading," in an effort to provide context around his remarks. In the wake of the January 6 insurrection, Twitter suspended and then permanently banned Trump's account, citing a "risk of further incitement of violence."

But in their testimony, the Twitter employee suggested the company should have done more ahead of the attack. On the night of January 5, 2021, the employee said they "sent a Slack message to someone that said something along the lines of, 'when people are shooting each other tomorrow, I will try and rest in the knowledge that we tried.' ... I don't know that I slept that night."
The employee continued: "For months, I had been begging and anticipating and attempting to raise the reality that if ... we made no intervention into what I saw occurring, people were going to die. And on January 5, I realized no intervention was coming, even as hard as I had tried to create one or implement one, there was nothing and we were at the whims and the mercy of a violent crowd that was locked and loaded."

Ethiopian Airlines took delivery of a 737 Max from Boeing in June, the aircraft maker disclosed Tuesday.
It's the first time Ethiopian has taken a 737 Max since the March 2019 crash that killed all 157 people on board, and led to a 20-month grounding of the jet.
The other airline that suffered a fatal crash involving the Max, Lion Air of Indonesia, has yet to take a new Max delivery.

Boeing reported the delivery as part of its June orders and delivery report. Overall it was also the busiest month for 737 Max deliveries since the grounding ended in late 2020, with 43 of the planes being delivered to customers. It was also the busiest month for any kind of commercial plane deliveries by Boeing since March of 2019, with a total of 51 deliveries.

It's a sign that demand for the plane is returning to pre-crash levels. Boeing has so far delivered 443 of the 737 Max jets since the grounding ended, with 181 of those being delivered so far this year, up from 105 delivered in the first half of 2021.
Ethiopian did not respond to a request for comment on taking the delivery. Its web site lists four 737 Max planes in its fleet, and another 24 on order. It's not clear how the June delivery affects those numbers. The airline also has 27 older versions of the 737 Max in its fleet.
The purchase was criticized by Robert Clifford, an attorney for families of the crash victims.

"This is really disappointing -- a sad reminder for the crash victims families nearly three and a half years later, knowing that the Boeing Max will be flying again even in Ethiopia, where the crash happened," he said.
Boeing has faced myriad problems in recent years, beyond the drop in demand for passenger planes that occurred during the pandemic. It is still waiting approval to again begin delivering the 787 widebody passenger planes that have been halted due to quality control issues.
Deliveries are crucial to Boeing's bottom line since it gets most of the money from airline sales at the time of delivery. Analysts surveyed by Refinitiv forecast another narrow loss for Boeing when it reports second quarter results later this month.

Disney is bringing BTS to its streaming services, adding the world's biggest band to its roster of digital stars.
In an announcement shared first with CNN Business, the entertainment giant said Monday that it would add new original shows featuring members of the South Korean pop group to Disney+.
That will result in five new titles with HYBE, BTS' management company. The firm was previously known as Big Hit Entertainment.

At least two of the new titles will be shot with the entire band, including a taped concert special in Los Angeles and a behind-the-scenes documentary series. Disney expects the latter to debut next year.

In a recorded video message shared with CNN Business, the band said they were looking forward to showing fans "a more up-close and personal side of us."
BTS has enjoyed meteoric success in recent years, attracting legions of fans around the world known as the "Army."
Recently, however, the seven-person group announced that it would be taking a break to explore various projects, including some on a solo basis.

The new tie-up with Disney reflects that. One forthcoming title is a reality show that will see V, a BTS star, head on vacation with other Korean celebrities, the company said.
The band's documentary will also peek into their daily lives "as they prepare for their second chapter," Disney and HYBE said in a joint statement.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed. The move shows how Disney (DIS) is focusing on top-tier talent as it continues to go after Netflix (NFLX) and cash in on the recent wave of popularity surrounding Korean content and culture.
Last year, for example, fans worldwide buzzed over "Squid Game," the South Korean hit from Netflix that became the company's top show globally. Disney said it has also found success with titles like "Snowdrop," a Korean series that has become one of its most-watched titles throughout Asia recently.
"This collaboration represents our creative ambition — to work with iconic content creators and top stars in Asia-Pacific so their talent can be enjoyed by mainstream audiences in multiple ways," Jessica Kam-Engle, Disney's head of content for Asia Pacific, said in a statement. "We believe these new titles will captivate consumers worldwide and look forward to introducing more music content on our service."
The move is part of a major expansion into Asian content announced by the company last October. It plans to greenlight more than 50 original titles from the region by 2023.
The Hollywood giant said at the time that it was commissioning new shows from South Korea, Japan, Australia, Taiwan and Indonesia. Many of the programs will be presented in local languages, from Bahasa Indonesia to Mandarin.
Netflix has also been pouring money into original Asian language content, and touting the global success of its Korean and Japanese programs in particular.

But the company's stock has faced pressure in recent months, after it revealed in April that it had lost subscribers for the first time in a decade. The news reignited debate about long-term prospects for the streaming sector.
Investors, however, seem calmer about Disney. The company said in its most recent earnings presentation in May that it had added more Disney+ subscribers than expected over the past quarter, bringing its total to 137.7 million.

Hundreds of thousands of leaked Uber documents obtained by The Guardian and shared with a consortium of news outlets show how during its most aggressive period of growth, the ride-hailing company reportedly employed secret technology to thwart police investigations, sought favors from high-ranking government officials and even perceived a silver lining in possible violent clashes between its drivers and taxicab operators.
The reports by members of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, of which CNN was not a part, renew global scrutiny of Uber's most controversial days from 2013 to 2017 — a period the company has attempted to move past in recent years with new leadership. Under then-CEO and cofounder Travis Kalanick, Uber openly tussled with regulators and taxi drivers amid a cutthroat campaign of worldwide expansion.

In 2016, during mass anti-Uber demonstrations by taxi operators in Paris, Kalanick had been discussing holding a rally of Uber riders and drivers in the city, according to The Washington Post. Kalanick is said to have privately suggested that any violent backlash to the potential event would be "worth it" and would "guarantee success" for the company, according to the leaked documents. The leaked documents reportedly show how Uber appeared to capitalize on attacks against its drivers more generally, by citing them "to secure meetings with politicians and push for regulatory changes," the Post reported.

Uber and Hertz CEOs discuss Tesla partnership
Uber and Hertz CEOs discuss Tesla partnership

Apple's CEO responds to evolving workplace dynamics
See the new features coming to iPhones
Meet the researchers revolutionizing micro-scale robots for medical use
This new technology helps drones survive strong winds
How Paris Hilton became 'The Queen of the Metaverse'
Meet Google&#39;s newest Street View camera
Google's Street View is 15 years old. See the new camera it's rolling out
This mask makes breathing in virtual reality more realistic
See how Google's new AR technology works
Tesla Model 3 electric vehicles at a Hertz location.
Uber and Hertz CEOs discuss Tesla partnership
Art critic Jerry Saltz on DALL-E 2: 'This is pretty crapola illustration'
This is how data collected from fertility apps could be used to prosecute abortion
See a simulation of AI technology being used to prevent a mass shooting
Amazon introduces new warehouse robot, says it's not replacing human workers
This mobile robot can reserve parking spots and then charge your EV
Internet Explorer is no more. CNN reported on the 'browser wars' it started in 1996
Robots could soon look human, with living skin and hair
Apple's CEO responds to evolving workplace dynamics
See the new features coming to iPhones
Meet the researchers revolutionizing micro-scale robots for medical use
This new technology helps drones survive strong winds
How Paris Hilton became 'The Queen of the Metaverse'
Meet Google&#39;s newest Street View camera
Google's Street View is 15 years old. See the new camera it's rolling out
This mask makes breathing in virtual reality more realistic
See how Google's new AR technology works
Tesla Model 3 electric vehicles at a Hertz location.
Uber and Hertz CEOs discuss Tesla partnership
Art critic Jerry Saltz on DALL-E 2: 'This is pretty crapola illustration'
This is how data collected from fertility apps could be used to prosecute abortion
See a simulation of AI technology being used to prevent a mass shooting
Amazon introduces new warehouse robot, says it's not replacing human workers
This mobile robot can reserve parking spots and then charge your EV
Internet Explorer is no more. CNN reported on the 'browser wars' it started in 1996
Robots could soon look human, with living skin and hair

(CNN Business)Hundreds of thousands of leaked Uber documents obtained by The Guardian and shared with a consortium of news outlets show how during its most aggressive period of growth, the ride-hailing company reportedly employed secret technology to thwart police investigations, sought favors from high-ranking government officials and even perceived a silver lining in possible violent clashes between its drivers and taxicab operators.
The reports by members of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, of which CNN was not a part, renew global scrutiny of Uber's most controversial days from 2013 to 2017 — a period the company has attempted to move past in recent years with new leadership. Under then-CEO and cofounder Travis Kalanick, Uber openly tussled with regulators and taxi drivers amid a cutthroat campaign of worldwide expansion.
Uber releases safety data: 998 sexual assault incidents including 141 rape reports in 2020
Uber releases safety data: 998 sexual assault incidents including 141 rape reports in 2020
In 2016, during mass anti-Uber demonstrations by taxi operators in Paris, Kalanick had been discussing holding a rally of Uber riders and drivers in the city, according to The Washington Post. Kalanick is said to have privately suggested that any violent backlash to the potential event would be "worth it" and would "guarantee success" for the company, according to the leaked documents. The leaked documents reportedly show how Uber appeared to capitalize on attacks against its drivers more generally, by citing them "to secure meetings with politicians and push for regulatory changes," the Post reported.

In a wider statement to the consortium responding to a number of the reports, Devon Spurgeon, a spokesperson for Kalanick, said the former CEO "never suggested that Uber should take advantage of violence at the expense of rider safety." Spurgeon confirmed the statement to CNN Business but declined to comment beyond it.

Uber also reportedly used a "kill switch" to prevent company data from falling into the hands of law enforcement during numerous police raids in various countries, according to The Guardian, on a much wider basis than was previously known. The kill switch was reportedly deployed in six countries, including France, the Netherlands, Belgium, India, Hungary and Romania, severing connections between Uber's computers in its local offices from the company's main cloud network. Spurgeon's statement to ICIJ said use of the tool had been approved by Uber's legal and regulatory teams and that it was never "designed or implemented to 'obstruct justice.'"

As part of its worldwide lobbying effort, the BBC reported, Uber cultivated close ties with Emmanuel Macron, who at the time served as France's economic minister and met at least four times with Kalanick. The pair reportedly developed a first-name-basis relationship and Macron told Kalanick he could help make changes to French law that would be favorable to the company. The BBC cited a statement from Macron's spokesperson saying his job at the time "led him to meet and interact with many companies engaged in the sharp shift ... in the service sector, which had to be facilitated by unlocking administrative and regulatory hurdles."
And in an ultimately unsuccessful effort to expand into Russia, Uber and Kalanick tried to cozy up to oligarchs and allies of Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to the ICIJ. While the leaked documents do not suggest Uber violated US sanctions, The Washington Post said, "almost everyone with whom Uber allied then is under sanction for their alleged ties to Putin by US or European authorities." Spurgeon's statement to ICIJ said that during a 2016 visit to Russia organized by Uber's policy and business development teams, Kalanick "acted at all times lawfully and with the clear approval and authorization of Uber's legal team."

Kalanick resigned as CEO of Uber in 2017 after months of PR crises, including over a tool it reportedly built to help drivers dodge law enforcement in cities like Portland, Oregon, where it was not allowed to operate. Uber has since tried to turn a new leaf, replacing Kalanick with Dara Khosrowshahi, the former CEO of Expedia.
In a statement posted on its website, Uber distanced itself from its "mistakes prior to 2017," which the company acknowledged "culminated in one of the most infamous reckonings in the history of corporate America."

"We have not and will not make excuses for past behavior that is clearly not in line with our present values," Uber spokesperson Jill Hazelbaker said in the statement, adding that 90% of Uber's current employees arrived to the company after the leadership change.
But the leaked documents show that despite Uber's attempts to move on from its past, the company may continue to be haunted by it far into the future.

Four years after the top two Theranos executives, Elizabeth Holmes and Ramesh "Sunny" Balwani, were first indicted together on a dozen federal fraud charges stemming from their time heading up the failed blood testing startup, both have been convicted by juries.
Holmes, the founder and former CEO of Theranos, was found guilty on four out of 11 federal fraud and conspiracy charges in January after a months-long trial. Balwani, Theranos' former president and COO who was also Holmes' live-in boyfriend at the time, was found guilty on Thursday of ten counts of federal wire fraud and two counts of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Their trials marked the final chapter for Theranos, a startup once valued at $9 billion and lauded for its promise to upend the healthcare industry. Theranos claimed its technology could accurately and efficiently test for conditions like cancer and diabetes with just a few drops of blood. With that promise, it attracted $945 million in financing, a board of well-known political figures and prominent retail partners.

Then came a Wall Street Journal investigation into the company, which called into question the company's testing methods and the capabilities of its technology. In 2018, Holmes and Balwani were each charged with a dozen counts of wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Both pleaded not guilty.

Their trials were separated after Holmes indicated she would pursue a defense that included alleging she was the victim of a decade-long abusive relationship with Balwani that impacted every part of her life. (Balwani's legal team has strongly denied the allegations in court filings.)
Here are the highlights of the rise and fall of Theranos.
March 2004: Holmes drops out of Stanford to pursue Theranos

Holmes, a Stanford University sophomore studying chemical engineering, drops out of school to pursue her startup, Theranos, which she founded in 2003 at age 19. The name is a combination of the words "therapy" and "diagnosis."
September 2009: Ramesh "Sunny" Balwani joins Theranos
Balwani guarantees a $10 million loan to Theranos and soon after takes on a formal role at the startup. Balwani, roughly 20 years older than Holmes, first met her in 2002 through a program in Beijing to learn Mandarin. Balwani had enjoyed a successful career in the software industry, and following the sale of his e-commerce startup, was pursuing an MBA.
The two kept in touch and began living together in 2005, Holmes testified during her criminal trial. Their personal relationship was largely concealed from employees, investors and business partners. Balwani would ultimately become the company's chief operating officer and president of the startup.
September 2013: Holmes opens up about Theranos; announces Walgreens partnership
A decade after first starting the company, Holmes takes the lid off Theranos and courts media attention the same month that Theranos and Walgreens announce they've struck up a long-term partnership. The first Theranos Wellness Center location opens in a Walgreens in Palo Alto where consumers can access Theranos' blood test.
The original plan had been to make Theranos' testing available at Walgreens locations nationwide.
September 2014: Holmes named one of the richest women in America by Forbes
Holmes is named to the magazine's American billionaire list with the outlet reporting she owns a 50% stake in the startup, pinning her personal wealth at $4.5 billion.

Theranos has raised $400 million
Theranos has raised more than $400 million, according to a profile of the company and Holmes by The New Yorker. It counts Oracle's Larry Ellison among its investors.
July 2015: Theranos gets FDA approval for Herpes test
The FDA clears Theranos to use of its proprietary tiny blood-collection vials to finger stick blood test for herpes simplex 1 virus -- its first and only approval for a diagnostic test.
October 2015: Theranos is the subject of a Wall Street Journal investigation; Holmes hits back
The Wall Street Journal reports Theranos is using its proprietary technique on only a small number of the 240 tests it performs, and that the vast majority of its tests are done with traditional vials of blood drawn from the arm, not the "few drops" taken by a finger prick. In response, Theranos defends its testing practices, calling the Journal's reporting "factually and scientifically erroneous."
A day later, Theranos halts the use of its blood-collection vials for all but the herpes test due to pressures from the FDA. (Later that month, the FDA released two heavily redacted reports citing 14 concerns, including calling the company's proprietary vial an "uncleared medical device.")
One week after the Journal report, Holmes is interviewed on-stage at the outlet's conference in Laguna Beach. "We know what we're doing and we're very proud of it," she says.
Amid the criticism, Theranos reportedly shakes up its board of directors, eliminating Henry Kissinger and George Shultz as directors while moving them to a new board of counselors; the company also forms a separate medical board.
November 2015: Theranos and Safeway partnership falls short
Safeway, which invested $350 million into building out clinics in hundreds of its supermarkets to eventually offer Theranos blood tests, reportedly looks to dissolve its relationship with the company before it ever offered its services.
January 2016: Federal regulators take issue with Theranos' California lab; Walgreens pulls back
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) sends Theranos a letter saying its California lab has failed to comply with federal standards and that patients are in "immediate jeopardy." It gives the company 10 days to address the issues.
In response, Walgreens says it will not send any lab tests to Theranos' California lab for analysis and suspends Theranos services at its Palo Alto Walgreens location.
March 2016: CMS threatens to ban Holmes, Balwani from lab business
CMS threatens to ban Holmes and Balwani from the laboratory business for two years after the company allegedly failed to fix problems at its California lab. Theranos says that's a "worst case scenario."
May 2016: Balwani steps down; Theranos voids two years of blood tests
Balwani departs. The company also adds three new board members as part of the restructuring: Fabrizio Bonanni, a former executive vice president of biotech firm Amgen, former CDC director William Foege, and former Wells Fargo CEO Richard Kovacevich.
Theranos voids two years of blood test results from its proprietary testing devices, correcting tens of thousands of blood-test reports, the Journal reports.
June 2016: Holmes net worth revised to $0; Theranos loses its largest retail partner
Forbes revises its estimate of Holmes' net worth from $4.5 billion to $0. The magazine also lowers its valuation for the company from $9 billion to $800 million.
Walgreens, once Theranos' largest retail partner, ends its partnership with the company and says it will close all 40 Theranos Wellness Centers.
July 2016: Holmes is banned from running labs for two years
CMS revokes Theranos' license to operate its California lab and bans Holmes from running a blood-testing lab for two years.
August 2016: The company unveils 'miniLab' device
Holmes tries to move past recent setbacks by unveiling a mini testing laboratory, called miniLab, at a conference for the American Association for Clinical Chemistry. In selling the device, versus operating its own clinics, Theranos seeks to effectively side-step CMS sanctions, which don't prohibit research and development.
October 2016: Theranos investor sues the company; Theranos downsizes
Theranos investor Partner Fund Management sues the company for $96.1 million, the amount it sunk into the company in February 2014, plus damages. It accuses the company of securities fraud. Theranos and Partner Fund Management settled in May, 2017, for an undisclosed amount.
The company also lays off 340 employees as it closes clinical labs and wellness centers as it attempts to pivot and focus on the miniLab.
November 2016: Walgreens sues Theranos
Walgreens sues the blood testing startup for breach of contract. Walgreens sought to recover the $140 million it poured into the company. The lawsuit was settled August, 2017.
January 2017: More layoffs, followed by a failed lab inspection
Theranos downsizes its workforce yet again following the increased scrutiny into its operations, laying off approximately 155 employees or about 41% of staffers.
The Wall Street Journal reports that Theranos failed a second regulatory lab inspection in September, and that the company was closing its last blood testing location as a result.
April 2017: Theranos settles with CMS, and Arizona AG
Theranos settles with the CMS, agreeing to pay $30,000 and to not to own or operate any clinical labs for two years.
Theranos also settles with the Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich over allegations that its advertisements misrepresented the method, accuracy, and reliability of its blood testing and that the company was out of compliance with federal regulations governing clinical lab testing. Theranos agrees to pay $4.65 million back to its Arizona customers as part of a settlement deal.
March 2018: Holmes and Balwani charged with massive fraud
The SEC charges Holmes and Balwani with a "massive fraud" involving more than $700 million from investors through an "elaborate, years-long fraud in which they exaggerated or made false statements about the company's technology, business, and financial performance."
The SEC alleges Holmes and Balwani knew that Theranos' proprietary analyzer could perform only 12 of the 200 tests it published on its patient testing menu.
Theranos and Holmes agree to resolve the claims against them, and Holmes gives up control of the company and much of her stake in it. Balwani, however, is fighting the charges, with his attorney saying he "accurately represented Theranos to investors to the best of his ability."
May 2018: "Bad Blood"
Reporter John Carreyrou, who first broke open the story of Theranos for the Wall Street Journal, publishes "Bad Blood," a definitive look at what happened inside the disgraced company. Director Adam McKay (who directed "The Big Short") secures the rights to make the film, starring Jennifer Lawrence as Holmes, by the same name.
June 2018: Holmes and Balwani indicted on criminal fraud charges
Holmes and Balwani are indicted on federal wire fraud charges over allegedly engaging in a multi-million dollar scheme to defraud investors, as well as a scheme to defraud doctors and patients. Both have pleaded not guilty.
Minutes before the charges were made public, Theranos announced that Holmes has stepped down as CEO. The company's general counsel, David Taylor, takes over as CEO. Holmes remains chair of the company's board.

 COO Ramesh "Sunny' Balwani leaves the Robert F. Peckham U.S. Federal Court on June 28, 2019 in San Jose, California. Former Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes and former COO Ramesh Balwani were apperaing in federal court for a status hearing, both facing charges of conspiracy and wire fraud for allegedly engaging in a multimillion-dollar scheme to defraud investors with the Theranos blood testing lab services.
September 2018: Theranos to dissolve
Taylor emails shareholders that Theranos will dissolve, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. Taylor said more than 80 potential buyers were not interested in a sale. "We are now out of time," Taylor wrote.
March 2019: Theranos gets the documentary treatment
Alex Gibney, the prolific documentary filmmaker behind "Dirty Money," "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room," and "The Armstrong Lie," debuts "The Inventor" on HBO, following the rise and fall of Theranos.
September 2020: Holmes' possible defense strategy comes to light
A new court document reveals Holmes may seek a "mental disease" defense in her criminal fraud trial. Later, in August 2021, unsealed court documents reveal Holmes is likely to claim she was the victim of a decade-long abusive relationship with Balwani. (Balwani's legal team strongly denied the claims in court filings.) The allegations led to the severing of their trials. His trial is slated to begin in 2022.
December 2020: Holmes' criminal trial delayed til 2021
Initially set to begin in July 2020, Holmes' criminal trial is further delayed til July 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic.
March 2021: Holmes' pregnancy further delays trial
News surfaces that Holmes' is expecting her first child, once more further delaying her criminal trial. Holmes' counsel advised the US government that Holmes is due in July 2021, a court document revealed. She gave birth in July.